This project is to make an audio recording. When I didn't have any ideas, the noise of the next door neighbor gave me inspiration. I began to wonder if I could record the daily noise of my neighbors, after considering that my neighbors might be a little cranky. A hasty recording of his voice could be detrimental to my safety. I chose to forgo a theme called "Recording the Loud voices of Neighbors." I changed my theme to "The dormitory where I live is next to a large farm". I looked for the sounds of dogs, pigs, cows, ducks and rubber ducks as materials. I extracted the loud parts of these sounds by mixing them, cutting them, reducing the noise, tuning them, making echoes, changing the tempo, and keeping only the low frequencies. At the same time, I also recorded some of my own sounds, such as tapping on the keyboard, opening and closing doors.
The whole audio story is divided into two parts, the first part is my normal computer work, this part is mainly the sound of tapping the keyboard. In the second part, the animals in the farm next door are making noises like humans. In this part of the audio, I simulated the sound coming from behind a wall by keeping only the frequency below 400hz. This makes the animals sound muffled. When I adjust the reverberation, I increase the area of the keyboard and other reverberations so that the audience can feel that the keyboard is in the room. The sound reverberation area of the next door is small, and the chaotic distribution is in the left and right channels. This fits well with the sense of hearing through a wall, because it is difficult for high-frequency sounds to penetrate the wall, and it is difficult for people to tell whether the sound behind the wall is an animal.
In the process of producing the audio, I encountered a lot of problems, the first is that some of the sound is too harsh, I through various means such as frequency modulation finally softened the sound. The second is the order of audio recording, in the process of production, I discovered the importance of the variable time. When I was recording keyboard sounds, I wanted to express my final rage through the keyboard tapping speed, but this required my keyboard to match the appearance and change time of a dozen other sounds. In the end, I chose to finish all the noise audio first, and then record the keyboard in real time while listening to the semi-finished audio. The most difficult problem was that my neighbor was still yelling while I was recording keyboard sounds, but I had decided not to include his voice in the project, so I spent a lot of time deleting and de-noising his voice.